        Switching to Go took courage. 5 Years deeply invested into
        
        node.js as primary language.
        
        ?Why node first instead of Go, Python, or Java?
        
        In 2015, the number of jobs for a Node, Python, and Java were
        nearly everywhere for new and seasoned programmers.
        Libraries, Documentation, YouTube videos, meetups were
        populated by these famous languages. As a new programmer,
        a job was top priority, learn the most in demand frameworks
        and you got a job.
        
        ?Why Go lang now?
        
        // NODE WAS MY FIRST LANGUAGE //
        I learned what to do and not to do. The flexibility of node.js
        gave my mind the freedom to express code and figureout
        all the angles with it's REPL. Talking with many programmers
        coming from compiled langauges, there still trying to catchup
        with javascripts one liner expressions and executions behavior.
        Writng self modifying code is just a few lines of code.
        Never second guessed node.js capability.
        
        Since this was my first programming langauge,
        this languages mental spot in my brain has a few bad habits with it.
        Thinking about any program with node.js is difficult for me to
        do without falling into mental loops. To fix these mental traps
        a new programming language will take it's a primary position.
        Go lang is next choice in line. GoLang is in top 10
        programming language. Go Lang jobs are everywhere now.
        
        // REPL IS MOBILE INSTANT GRATIFICATION EQUIVALENT FOR PROGRAMMERS //
        The quick response of the
        REPL never left me hanging. REPL was a playground. REPL kept me
        grounded with node's IO behavior. Without the REPL, I don't think
        I would have been able to tolerate learning programming in solitude.
        Because of the REPLs instantaneous results, I to became instantaneously
        dependent. The REPL was mind altering. Just like mobile devices addiction.
        Instant gratification first sped me up, over time, my information retrieval
        stalled. Calculating things in my head no longer functioned. My brain extended
        itsself to the REPL. How does one debug an application if there mind can't formulate
        an IO pair.